[Music]
Good morning. Happy Friday morning from
the Asia Pacific. Just half an hour to
the open. Hong Kong, Shanghai, and
Shenzhen. You're watching the China
show. I'm David. Let's get your top
stories today. NASDAQ futures under
pressure on a reports that Nvidia is
asking component suppliers to halt work
on its H20 AI chip. That's after China
urged local companies not to use it.
Now, caution dominates trade across the
Asia-Pacific as signs of US economic
strength have traders trimming their
bets on Fed rate cuts. That comes ahead,
of course, of Jackson Pole and J.
Powell's speech there. And Boeing is
said to be close to finalizing a deal
with China for as many as 500 aircraft,
ending a multi-year sales drought.
[Music]
Good morning again. Welcome to the
program. Hope you're all well. That's
the time to the opening bell today.
Caution is dominating a couple of
things, right? So, the last few minutes
or so, NASDAQ futures, as you can see,
are now flat. Uh certainly a story out
of the information here that Nvidia has
ordered the suspension of production of
its H26. That's point number one. Point
number two is we're headed into Jackson
Hole. There's really no major catalyst
to add more risk. In fact, the S&P 500
is down for a fi five straight days
going into the session today. Uh we're
up 1% though as far as tech goes, costby
speed and the tig index. More on that uh
certainly in a moment. Uh apart from
those three things, liquidity rally
continues to be the story of course when
we look at these Chinese markets uh with
3,800
now in sights on the Shanghai composite.
More on that in a moment too. Right.
Also, inflation came out of Japan
earlier on at about in line with
estimates with the exception of course
CPI which came in uh slightly above the
median but it's still a pullback though
from the previous reading as far as
that's concerned. Uh 2 and 20 at 10 year
yields of course the commentary coming
out of the Fed and we'll have again more
on that later on. Uh it's not we we
we're now looking at the lowest
probability as far as Fed fund futures
even if you go by swaps uh of a Fed cuts
next month. So there has been an
adjustment in positioning ahead of
Jackson Hole and certainly following the
data that we had overnight with US
manufacturing 2022 highs as far as
that's concerned right a couple of big
names to track going into the open today
not an exhaustive list of course you
have Xfong massive move up uh you have
the CEO increasing his holdings point
number one of course EV's uh rallying on
the back of that we have an index review
and results are out after the close
later today so we'll watch out for the
likes of potential and the speculated
names include the likes of PopMart for
example. Declines across the solar
names. Uh so certainly that was one
cohort we'll be tracking going into the
open today including of course tech.
Right very quickly uh let's have a look
at where we are. A50 futures doing this.
We are down a third day on Hansen tech
index and we talked about 3,800 there on
the Shanghai composite. Morgan Stanley
will be joining us on shows later uh
this hour and they do think that this
liquiditydriven rally can continue
through the summer months. Okay, let's
get to the breaking news in the last few
minutes or so. Nvidia ordering a
suspension of its H20 chip production.
That's according to the information.
Stephen Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent, is here with us to talk
us through what we know so far based on
this specific report. Yeah, from from
the information is where we're getting
this source story essentially saying
that uh Nvidia has instructed its part
suppliers. We're talking like Samsung
which provides the high bandwidth memory
uh component to the H20 AI chip as well
as Amcore technology. It does the
advanced packaging for the H20. uh and
and essentially now those inventories at
those companies are starting to pile up
because uh again the Chinese government
what we've been hearing over recent
weeks of multiple regulatory agencies
whether it's the cyber cyerspace
administration of China the CAC the
national development reform commission
the top planning body in China and also
the uh industry of information
technology the MIIT have all started to
instruct Chinese companies from uh to to
stop buying the H20 and the H20 is quite
a saga in itself. Of course, it was
essentially banned by the Trump
administration in April uh selling into
China. They needed to get advanced
export licenses to sell to China. There
was that reversal, high-profile reversal
last month when Jensen Hong traveled to
DC, met with Trump, and then he traveled
on to Beijing, simultaneously announcing
that that ban had been removed. Nvidia
could sell the H20, the watered down
version of its most advanced AI chips
back into China. Uh but also there was
some controversy there too because AMD
and Nvidia both kind of had to agree to
pay 15% of their collective uh revenue
from those chips sold into China to the
US government. That's a whole different
story. Right now the story is the
turnaround that Nvidia saw that they
could resell into China uh seems to have
ground to a bit of a halt because of the
Chinese efforts to not buy the H20 and
start relying more on their own domestic
components because again not only not
only the comments from Howard Lutnik to
CNBC on July 15th which was insulting
according to sources to the Chinese when
he said we're not selling them our best
things, our best chips. We're not even
selling them our second best chips.
We're not even selling them our third
best product. So, that was insulting to
the Chinese. The Chinese also kind of
concerned about any potential back doors
in those chips to send essentially
nefariously the Chinese data back to the
United States government. So, there's a
lot of geopolitics, but definitely this
is a big issue for Nvidia
>> and it's an added plot twist to watch. I
think Nvidia reports I think next week
in about five or six days on
>> Thursday. Thursday next week. So, what
are we watching then? How does this
dovtail into the broader conversations
around that stock which has really hit
highs?
>> Well, despite the the technology the
mega cap tech sell off of the last few
days which Nvidia has seen has been a
part of as well down the last three
days. Uh but you know nine key analysts
have raised their price targets more
recently on Nvidia with higher price
targets and and a lot of that is to do
with the resumption of China. This was
uh CJ Muse among other analysts at Caner
Fitzgerald said China is already derisks
in derisked in street modeling and the
goal here is to get China to build on
Nvidia's platform. That was from an
August 18th note. A lot has changed now
with this developing story right now
coming from those reports from the
information but also the FT had a story
yesterday outlining more of the the
details of the Chinese resistance to
resume purchases of this H20. Keep in
mind simultaneously while Nvidia had
seen the H20 ban back in April they were
developing in lockep another chip that
they would sell into China. We need to
get more information perhaps next week.
You asked about the earnings and the
conference call. What is the actual
ramifications to Nvidia right now? Where
are they pivoting or if they are
pivoting to this other chip that they
were planning to sell into China, the
Blackwell RTX Pro 6000 architecture, a
watered down version of that,
>> Steve, fantastic. Thank you so much.
We'll keep an eye on this. Of course,
NASDAQ futures on your screens initial
dip and as you can see, we're right at
about the zero line at this point in
time. Right. So, that's one top story to
consider going into the open today. The
other, of course, we're waking up the
Asia Pacific with Fed pricing
expectations lowered from, let's call it
85 to about 90%, we're down to about 75.
A lot of that was down to number one,
the data that's come through, and this
is the one that came through, of course,
40 53.3, which is the highest reading on
US manufacturing PMI in 3 years. Uh the
point number two here is actually it
also came in way above even the highest
forecast. So that really coming out uh
coming out of I want to say coming out
of nowhere but certainly it wasn't
expected as far as the range of
projections were concerned right so what
do we do with this information we had
former uh and also current Fed officials
in fact ahead of Jackson Hole weighing
in on really the chances of a rate cuts
in September as traders await Jay
Powell's speech at Jackson Hole later
Friday. Have a look. I don't see any um
any chance that there's a nod toward a
September cut or any promise of a
September cut.
>> The caution I would give if they do move
in September uh I don't think that's the
start of a cycle. I think it's an
individual decision then we'll wipe the
slate clean and take the next 6 weeks
try to understand these crossurrens
again.
>> I think they're modestly restrictive.
I'm still trying to find ways what's
what's being inhibited in the economy
from where our policy rate is today. Uh
but I I think we're on a good path for
sure. It feels to me like it's a live
meeting. Uh as you know before April 2nd
before we got some uncertainties coming
on the policy side. I believed that we
had pretty stable full employment that
inflation's coming down to target.
That's interesting, right? So, you also
have Cleveland Fed President Beth
Hammock actually talking about how she
would not support lowering interest
rates if central bankers were say
deciding with the information we have
right now. Tomorrow, let's bring in our
team. Jill D says, our newses editor and
in the market side of things, Paul
Dobson, our Asian markets executive
editor in Singapore for us. We'll start
with you, Jill. Yeah, just wrap up the
comments out of the Fed.
>> Yeah. Um David, I really thought the
Goldsby comments in particular were
really interesting because it really
does kind of show um some of this back
and forth over how exactly the Fed is
grappling with some of these issues
around its dual mandate right now.
Right. I mean uh one other thing that he
also said in those comments was that you
know that recent uh inflation data point
um that uptick in services inflation he
was he described it as um you know
potentially dangerous but that hope that
he hoped it was a bit of a blip. And um
you know I'm taking that in context also
with uh the recent FOMC minutes that
were released from their last meeting of
course that came before uh those labor
uh data revisions. Um but you know that
really kind of showing that inflation
really still is uh really key is really
key on the minds of a lot of these Fed
officials. Um you know a lot of them are
weighing that uh over some concerns
about labor market data when they're
kind of putting together this calculus.
And I think you know that ultimately um
you know tells us that you know maybe
the September meeting really is a live
one. And I think all the more reason why
uh we're so keen to look ahead to this
uh speech from Powell. Uh so this is
happening at uh 10:00 a.m. Eastern
Friday. So that's um you know this
evening for us uh out here in Asia. But
I mean any kind of hints that we're
going to get from Powell on any kind of
direction that the Fed may take in
September. Obviously uh incredibly
welcome uh you know for for traders just
kind of looking for some kind of
direction. and he's obviously used uh
Jackson Hole in previous years to give
hints on what the Fed's policy
trajectory may be. Will we see that this
time around? Not sure. But again, I
think, you know, some of the um sort of
uncertainty around this data really does
point to this this idea of um you know,
do we really have that clarity over
whether the Fed is going to resume
cutting in September? I'm not sure we
do.
>> Separately, but still on the broader Fed
conversation. Lisa Cook, what's what's
what's the latest there? Yeah, I think
um I mean, you know, really sort of the
the Trump pressure campaign toward
trying to remove uh Lisa Cook um
obviously citing these allegations of
mortgage fraud. Um I mean, you know,
really does kind of point to this idea
that um you know, Trump is trying to um
have as much influence over the Fed as
possible. It does seem like um what
Trump the the thinking within the Trump
administration and perhaps within Donald
Trump himself is that um he would prefer
whether she resign or whether Powell
actually fires her rather than Trump
himself sort of stepping in and and
trying to ou Lisa Cook. She obviously
has said that um you know she has no
intention of of resigning or anything
like that. But I think just you know
sort of that broader um you know that
broader issue really pointing to how how
this uh pressure campaign uh from the
Trump administration against the Fed um
is is really kind of escalating in in
some pretty dramatic ways.
>> Right. Uh Paul, let me bring you in here
in the markets angle too. There
certainly we've seen markets price back
a little bit the these bets for a cut in
September. Um the the lack of I guess
appetite to take on more risk going into
Jackson Hole is quite evident this week,
hasn't it, Paul?
Yes, that's right. So, we've seen uh
equities coming under a bit of pressure
and what uh added to that was the bond
market coming under pressure yesterday
after that very strong PMI number. Uh
so, the market had pretty much uh
convinced itself that we would see a cut
in interest rates by the Fed in
September. That pricing, as you were
saying, David, got all the way up
towards 100% fully priced and now we're
back down to 70%. We've even seen people
putting money on a sort of extra big uh
cut, 50 basis point cut. Uh that now
seems in doubt, particularly with that
economic strength there. The the
trade-off, the balance for those Fed
officials, is should they be more
worried about the economy rolling over,
the very weak jobs numbers and revisions
that we saw uh most recently, or should
they be worried about the still very
elevated inflation levels? And what
we've heard, I think from the commentary
so far at Jackson Hole is not a lot of
signs of shift in the positions of the
various Fed governors from where they
were previously. Goulsby, yes, is is is
the one saying, yes, it's a live
meeting, but I'm not seeing a lot of
movement elsewhere there. And so, you
know, the tone that Pal takes is going
to be all important here, but the market
is starting to have uh just starting to
doubt itself a little bit about whether
the September cut is going to come
through after all.
Paul just saying on the macro here
inflation out of Japan about just under
two hours back here roughly in line
although you did get core coming in
slightly higher than expected. The yield
story there has really been one that's
one direction that's been on the way up.
Markets are markets getting ahead of
ourselves here.
>> I think that the BOJ would like to hike
um would like to hike before the end of
the year is probably not rushing to do
that either. um you know September,
October, uh December I think are the
options ahead of it. Um probably the
middle of those is the one that seems
most likely in the market's calculus. Uh
we will hear from WA at Jackson Hole as
well. So that will be interesting to pay
attention to, but I don't think the
market is getting ahead of itself in
that sort of long-term uh outlook. We
have the high inflation numbers. We know
that the BOJ is under pressure to come
and control that somewhat with some help
maybe on the fiscal side as well. Um we
are expecting that there will be higher
interest rates in time but steady and
gradual so as not to cause too big a
sell-off. Um you know I I I think that
otherwise it's just you know a very big
long-term reset in uh the mentality of
uh the entire economy in Japan going
from uh very very steady uh prices to an
inflationary environment and that is
causing a jolt and a little bit of
disruption and a little bit of uh angst
and concern. And you know we have a
pretty turid political situation as a
part of that as well. Um so the BOJ
knows that it has to calibrate things
very carefully and cautiously. It wants
inflation. It doesn't want to blow it up
but it doesn't want too much inflation.
So I think that the market is you know
pushing those yields up all the time. Uh
maybe at the back end of the yield curve
more life insurers are starting to pay
attention now to the opportunities of
locking in those longerterm interest
rates. But the other thing that we've
had is you know stock market gains. And
if they're gaining on the stock market
side, they don't need to worry so much
about buying more on the bond side.
>> There we go. Paul, thank you so much.
Paul Dobson there on the markets and I
think Jill, he's just getting getting us
up to speed here on the specific Fed
conversations taking place right now.
Right. Going uh looking ahead on shows
here. What do we have? Boeing edging
closer to its first aircraft mega deal
with China since 2017.
Details on that Bloomberg scoop coming
up. And of course going into the open
today, we're looking at the fix point
number one, earnings coming through,
earnings reaction. The opening bell 13
minutes away. This is the China show.
Good morning.
[Music]
Good morning. Yeah, a couple of things
to track going into the open today. So,
a specific level in the Shanghai comp is
a level I believe we haven't seen in
about 10 years or so. That's 3,800
alongside and related to that has been
really turnover which has picked up. I
think it's been north of two trillion a
day last five or six days onshore.
That's overall onshore. Uh overheating
signs. That's both in the market
potentially with an RSI and the Shanghai
comp of what I think it's 81. or when
you're looking at the weather, there's
literally a very hot weather warning
here in Hong Kong uh ahead of I believe
some weather coming through on Sunday.
Um hybrid is obviously still going to be
very much in focus and also some
potential changes to the index and of
course Wang is in in Pakistan. Futures
are pointing lower ahead of the open and
also a lot of earnings coming through
including the likes of the big property
developer Vancou Ping and Unan Bank,
CSBC Pharma among other names set to
report later today. Right now on this
Boeing scoop. So Bloomberg has learned
that Boeing is close to finalizing a
deal to sell um a couple hundred
aircraft to China. Massive one if it
goes through. The deal is of course
contingent on the diffusing of trade
hostilities that go back to Trump's
first term in office. Minlow, our China
correspondent is here with us with what
we know about this. The centerpiece for
any trade agreements between the US and
China is really a deal on airplanes.
>> Yeah, I mean these planes are hundreds
of millions of dollars for one plane. So
it's a very very big deal. It would go
some way to reduce the trade imbalance
between China and the US if it comes
through. Uh and this also would put an
end to this sales drought that we have
seen since 2017 when Trump last visited
China. That was when China and the US
had announced this deal at that time $
37 billion worth of deal where China
committed to order about 300 uh
airplanes. But since 2019, if we show
you that chart, you can see that uh the
number of orders of Boeing planes
started to decline quite steeply and
that really doveetailed with the sort of
souring relations between the two sides.
Um and so yes, right now we know that
the Chinese government had been you know
checking with Chinese airlines in terms
of how many aircraft that they want want
to get. Boeing is also, you know,
looking at finalizing the terms of the
deal in terms of delivery timeline, what
types of jets uh that China would want.
But here you can see this chart, the big
drop off in that white column from 2019
onwards. But it looks like now uh the
talks are being revived and maybe we
might get a repeat of 2017 if Trump does
announce this sort of deal, you know,
when he meets with presidency again.
>> Okay, Minman, thank you so much. Min low
are trying to correspond it there with
the Bloomberg scoop on the Boeing story
following of course the other one on
Airbus uh also very very recently right
uh we're just going 9 minutes to the
opening bell here we are getting
pre-market indications already coming up
on your screens very very shortly keep
in mind it's an Nvidia story uh that
goes into potentially 981 that's SMIC
we'll see what that stock is doing in a
moment here uh we are on track for a
weekly drop on global stocks obviously
the same is it's different equation we
need to talk about the Chinese market,
specifically onshore. And yeah, there we
go. Xpong on the back of the CEO adding
to his holdings, I believe 18% now, 9.3%
to the upside. And PopMart still seeing
some upside today. And there we go to
the point we were making. SMIC up about
two and a quarter of 1%. Play ahead.
This is the China show. Good morning.
[Music]
Good morning and happy Friday. We
finally get to the weekend about a
session away and of course by the time
you realize it's a weekend it's Jackson
Hole. We're going to figure out what Jay
Powell's going to say in his speech.
There's a BOJ of course and governor of
course is also there at Jackson Hole and
before you know it we're blessed with
Monday right so how quickly time
actually flies uh a couple of things as
we go into the open today hanging index
252 we are getting some upside right now
and I believe actually we are getting a
pull there from the EV space with the
likes of J we talked about Xbong
actually seeing some upside right now so
Hen tech after 3 days of declines is
seeing quite a decent uh pop to the
upside of about 1% nothing much to note
as far as the fix goes was quo down
about 210 to 1% you have a special div
there Billy Billy uh that's really
mirroring what we had overnight in the
US session uh and Sino Bioarma of course
is another stock we're tracking here as
well there's still an earning story here
as well right uh Xbomb big move
overnight you have the well you have the
CEO coming in and increasing his
holdings which is a I guess in many ways
in many forms a a good sign of
confidence there in the stock itself uh
NEO is up about 6% that's really and
pulled up because of the sort of the
broader move up in in the sector as
well. Uh SMIC 981 in case you miss it
the information was out with a story
here Nvidia asking its suppliers maybe
don't uh make these H20 chips were up
2.2% 2% perhaps the nearest
supplement replacement to Nvidia as it
pertain to the Chinese market. Right.
Okay. Going into the open today. I think
we can can we pull up 10 and08 please if
we can here. So we're looking at
turnover today still. So we've seen
north of two trillion daily turnover for
seven straight days. Now Morgan Stanley
Laura Wang and her team have put out a
note that they think this
liquiditydriven rally can continue
through the summer. She'll be joining us
in a couple of minutes to to really just
lay out the thesis, what factors to
watch, what risks to watch as we go into
today. And just one very quick note as
we move into the final uh final session
of the week, we're looking at a Shanghai
composite here because possibly quite
possibly we will see we could see 3,800
for the very first time I believe in
about 10 years or so. So the opening
bell and we'll find out all those things
we just laid out in a couple of minutes.
This is P.
[Music]
Good morning. And in case you are not
keeping track, happy Friday. There we
go. 40 seconds to the opening bell.
We're looking at gains here. Hanging
index at 252. Uh we have more news
coming out of Nvidia. This is perhap
well this is separate but we'll see if
he comments around this report coming
through. So the Nvidia No actually no.
So the Nvidia CEO has now reaffirmed
that the H20 AI chip has no security
backers. That would be more useful
information of course if in fact they
were selling it to China. But we
understand from the information that
Nvidia has then asked its suppliers to
stop making the H20 chip. That's point
number one. Point number two is the he's
also visiting the TSMC uh for the
production of the Reuben chips. Okay,
the opening bell is a couple of seconds
away. We're looking at the onore markets
first and foremost. Are we going to get
3,800 for the first time? We're very
close. Not quite on a Shanghai comp. CSI
300. Uh just a tad below the 4,300
level. Morgan Stanley will be joining us
later on in a couple of minutes here. So
they think 4700 I think is the move on
the CSI. Uh we will unpack that call in
a moment. uh we're we're doing on the
10-year yield is up oh okay 178 now on
the 10-year yield and the 30-year yield
is at just let's call it 2.1%. So the
meltup in yields is halting for now but
that said it's really been a trend the
last two three weeks has been to the
upside as far as that's concerned. Okay,
flip the page please. Are we getting 600
on the 10 on 10-centent? We'll find out.
And 10-centent is now just a tad short
of 597 right now. Bottom panel left most
side. Uh, we're also looking at Xiaomi's
up 1.3. That's an earning story this
week. Baba is reporting. Let me rack my
brain. It's 29th. There we go. Yes, this
time next week. Thank you so much to my
producers. Um, for whispering, not sweet
nothing's in my ear. Uh, dollar Hong
Kong. There we go. 78125.
Hybrids on watch today. It I think it
halted the gains yesterday, but yeah,
still we're watching that very closely
as well today. 6 cents of 1% on the Hen
Tech index. Flip the page. halting I
believe three days of gains going into
the open today. Right. The CEO of Xpong
adding to his holdings up 10% overnight
roughly speaking of another 10 right now
in the H share market. CSBC farmer I
believe is reporting today and of course
the SMIC story is getting a pot there
out of the Nvidia news coming through.
Uh and oh finally PopMart's not gaining
today. Um but it's too early to say
right. It usually started out the day we
week and then it ended up 12% higher on
on Wednesday. Anyway, that's a story we
can I guess table for now. We've talked
a lot about popart story already. Okay,
where are we now on the Asian market
rally? So from the respective lows in
2024, four benchmarks on your screens to
varying levels of good, right? China
70%. Again, they didn't bottom at the
same time in 2024. So we've taken their
respective low and did this. Now u as
far as a snapshot of where we are here
on the onra market, right? So we've
taken a couple of things. turnover
Monday to Wednesday has been this
amount. It's the best performing cohort
Asia Pacific uh in August daily
turnover. There we go. Uh factor drivers
liquidity, momentum, and growth. By the
way, FTW is a function you run on your
Bloomberg terminal, by the way, if you
want to get understand even further. And
Morgan Stanley has this quote out coming
through on your screens very, very
shortly. They do think the rally can
continue. Such momentum will sustain
through the summer as the government
accelerates the roll out. Change the
page. Page two, please. Measures and
incremental liquidities get mobilized.
CSI, there we go. Bullcase at 4700s.
Joining us now is the author of that
report, Laura Wang, chief China equity
strategist at Morgan Stanley. Good
morning.
>> Good morning to you, David.
>> It's been not a quiet summer. It's been
a good summer for the Asia market. You
guys say this can continue. Lay out the
the thesis for us here. Yeah, I mean now
we are very happy to see how things have
been going so far because back in June
we explicitly told investors now is the
time to actually move your money into
the Asia market and this summer is the
time for the Asia market to outperform
on absolute and relative basis. So the
thesis is like this right we actually
see incremental step up of easing
measures as you mentioned and also the
anti- evvolution specifically I think
this really set the cornerstone for
sentiment improvement for onore
investors so two things we have noticed
that's really set this cycle rally apart
from the previous short-lived rallies
for example we had a very short-lived
rally in September October last year and
and if we actually rewind back to right
after co reopened ing. We had a
shortlived rally in early 2023. But if
you look at how the market has been
responding to these rallies and versus
this cycle, we see two things different.
Number one is the unore long-term bond
yields are really picking up this time.
If you look at a 10-year bond yield,
30-year bond yield, both are picking up
in the steady uh phases. Actually, those
had not never happened in the previous
rally. So I think this shows that onore
investors this time for the very first
time in a long time are seeing a more
upbeat outlook for China macro. So
that's very important because anti-
evvolution I think really helps onore
investors believe that the pricing
situation on shore the deflation
situation on shore actually is likely to
improve from here. Second is that
liquidity is really improving. I think a
lot of investors have been saying that
interest rate in China has been very
very low. there's ample liquidity, but
investors just don't want to go into the
equity market. I can understand why
people say that, but it's not
necessarily true. According to our
analysis, we have this proprietary
Morgan Stanley Free China liquidity
indicator published every month, but up
until June, that indicator has always
been negative, showing that not enough
liquidity to come into the financial
market to support asset pricing. Right?
It turned positive for the first time in
two years in June and then sustained at
that level in July. And why is that?
Because the front loading of the local
government bond issuance earlier this
year had finally trickled down into the
corporate sector. So, so pro promoting
the corporate sector to be more willing
to borrow and potentially invest and
then expand their business. So, do those
two things I think make us believe that
this time the cycle can be really
different from the previous cycles. And
you know just to back up to June because
you guys said back in June by the Asian
market was that the trigger specifically
when that specific metric went positive.
>> Yes. Yes. Absolutely. June was the first
time the free liquidity turned positive.
>> Right. So what are the risks to watch in
apart from that obviously as a leading
indicator.
>> Yeah. I think I mean I mentioned uh
onore bond yield. So that's extremely
important to monitor to see how the
onore investor sentiment could switch
back to relatively more conservative.
And then of course I think fundamentals
will need to catch up. Right. We cannot
just sustain a market rally purely just
because sentiment is going up. So
fundamentals we need to go back to
corporate earnings. The first quarter of
this year I think when I was here last
time I told you we had a very first
inline result quarter for Asia market in
over the last four years time. I
remember that. Yes. Yes. So now we are
still collecting all the data for the
second quarter result season. Uh I'm
expecting another inline results. So
that would be extremely important for
the sust uh for the sustainability of
the rally if it happens. And then policy
events we have the fourth plenary coming
up in October. So I think you know
anti-evolution and social benefit
reforms those actually will reinforce
the uh convent conviction that the
government policy is prioritizing more
towards consumption and trying to
rebalance the economy. So that would be
a very important signal to watch. And
last but not least, I think people look
at margin financing and think about the
fact that current margin financing level
over two trillion R&B once again beating
the U 2015 level. So people think that
could be a alarming sign. We monitor
that very closely.
>> Well, it is a important metric to
monitor but we look at the ratio rather
than the absolute amount. We look at
margin financing as a percentage of
total free flow market cap and also
margin financing as a percentage of the
daily trading turnover. So both are
still very stable and below the 2020
level or the 2015 level. So I think
immediate government intervention at
this point is unlikely but we should
just monitor all these factors very
closely and
>> just to clarify inter uh intervention to
prevent any bubbles just to
>> to actually cool down potential bubbles.
Okay. Yes. And because margin financing
is a measure that you look at how much
leverage is being taken to invest in the
stock market, right? Which government
would care and worry about people being
becoming too speculative and potentially
triggering a systematic risk.
>> Okay. So don't get too excited over the
absolute level. Look at the ratio. Okay.
The other thing I want to ask you is
what now happens to the Hong Kong
market? Right. We've seen southbound
flows. I believe now it makes up a
substantial portion of volume.
>> Right. So that's a big thing for Hong
Kong. What happens now if the other side
of the of the pond is doing
>> well I think after summer uh the
dynamics for the Hong Kong market can
start to improve again and this was
another reason why we switched the
preference from Hong Kong back to Asia
in June we were seeing all these
catalyst starting to support Asia market
and at the same time we saw a lot of
uncertainties being built towards the
Hong Kong market right so southbound has
always been there as a very supporting
liquidity source and year to date it has
already surpassed $120 billion uh as
cumul relative uh total inflow and we
think it's going to stay positive for
the rest of the year and southbound flow
actually now represents up to 40% of the
daily turnover of Hong Kong in terms of
daily net inflow and the total
southbound ownership of Hong Kong market
is around 15% of the free flow market
cap. So I think the importance of
southbound in the Hong Kong market will
only become more and more important from
here and Beijing is very much supporting
of uh Hong Kong's global financial hubs
status and this serves not in the best
interest in Hong Kong not only Hong
Kong's best interest but also in
Beijing's best interest as well.
>> Okay. So the we've established that the
view that the market should do well over
the next at least few weeks or so. So
which sectors which factors do you think
will drive alpha here? We actually still
like the technology sector. We think
this is a long-term theme that we should
hold on to. There could be some
near-term volatility associated either
the Apple supply chain or the Nvidia
supply chain, but I think the long-term
localization theme is here to stay. So,
we have always recommended investors to
hold on to large cap names that have
transformed themselves into AI leaders
such as Tencent and Alibaba. And we have
some other niche players on the edge AI
side which we think China actually has
the leading position on a global basis
with the data availability and with the
deep penetration of mobile technology
and aside from that we actually still
think that investors can hold on to some
dividend yield place to smooth out uh
the volatility and recently we had added
some exposure to insurance within the
financial sector. We think that's a good
place to be.
>> Why did you add to insurers? What was
what was the thesis there? Yes, because
if you think about it, particularly the
domestic insurance players, right? Uh
the low the interest rate environment in
the onore and we just talked about it is
actually stabilizing and potentially
picking up. So just from a you know
revenue and the margin perspective
that's actually more supportive for
insurers versus for banks and the
dividend yield is still around 4% and I
think compared to the rate cut
environment in general on the global
basis this is still very attractive. Are
you seeing any strong evidence of flows
from fixed income fixed deposits to the
point you're making on rising yields is
a good for the equity market into the
equity market? I think that's a big
important source for the rally so far in
terms of incremental liquidity who where
is the extra money coming from right so
I think you know rotation from bonds
into equities and from term deposits
that made a few years back at relatively
higher interest rate uh those term
deposits are maturing as we speak and
the current rate environment actually
makes equity market a lot more
attractive versus a few years ago right
and then of course there will there will
be incremental insurance money coming in
to buy the equities as well given that
uh there has been top down guidance from
the regulators from the governments to
encourage insurance actually insurance
companies to allocate more money into
equity asset class
>> before you go I want to ask you about
your separate note here southbound
inclusion we've established the
importance of these flows right and you
guys launched very recently here the
Morgan Stanley southbound eligibility
trading strategy not easy to say I have
to say but yeah so lay out this is a
back tested strategy
uh tell us how this works and what's the
hit rate.
>> So there are two regular inclusion
cycles for southbound trading. So those
are the Hong Kong stocks uh based on
Hong Kong exchange assessment that they
become eligible for southbound trading
and every year in March and in September
there will be two batches of separate
stocks being included into the
southbound channel. So our back test
shows that actually these groups of
stocks on average would actually deliver
very decent absolute return up to 30
days prior to the inclusion date and
they also as a group outperform the
hangen index. So this would be a very
effective tactical short-term trading
strategy that can help investors
generate good alpha. So what we do is
the key question is do you know who will
be included in the next cycle? So I
think this question exactly this is the
tricky part. So we developed this model
based on our own uh understanding of the
eligibility test and also with our own
further refinement based on quality
factors and we forecast there's going to
be 19 stocks that we think are highly
likely to be included in the next cycle
which is September the 8th. So now is
the time to actually get some exposure
to these stocks and hold up until the
inclusion date
>> which is the 8th I believe.
>> 8th of September that's quite coming up.
So this is very timely.
>> It is. It is and I think yeah we're
about about 10 or so days away. It's
almost like buy under not buy on a rumor
but you know buy under speculation and
then sell on the actual fact. Anything
else we've missed any risks to watch
internal or external to this equity
market? Well, I think from here quarter
results as I mentioned that's extremely
important and just uh monitor the onore
margin uh financing balance but more
importantly the ratio and we will
highlight to investors if we start to
see any risk building up or any
inflection points coming and I think
external factors the fed rate hakat
cycle that's a heated debate in the
market of course that will also impact
global risk sentiment and potentially
the allocation back into China
particularly into Hong Kong so we feel
that you know as we get closer to the
rate cut cycle, the allocation back into
China will also start to pick up given
that China's macro actually is indeed
stabilizing and the earnings revision
downward cycle is actually ramping up
and the current positioning by global
investors is still extreme low even
though the sentiment towards China has
already warmed up. So I think the gap
there to actually close is very
promising in China's case.
>> Laura, thank you so much. That was
great. I was trying to avoid talking
about the Fed there, but you Yeah. Okay,
all roads lead back to J Pallet somehow.
Laura Wang, thank you so much. Have a
good weekend ahead of Morgan Stanley
there, chief China equity strategist.
Right, going into the first, what time
is it now? 14 minutes into the session
here right now. I'm looking at my
screens and we'll take a very very short
break. Uh we're looking at gains last we
checked hanging index half of 1% 2545.
Nicke also up inflation coming through
this morning out of Japan. More on that
as well in a moment. Happy Friday. This
is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Smartphone giant Xiaomi, well,
it's not EVs as well here, has succeeded
where Apple failed by launching, to the
point we just made there, its own
electric car. Now, the dramatic pivot
has helped the Chinese company gain some
$120 billion in market value over the
past year or so. Our team at Bloomberg
Originals has been looking at the
company's push into the EV sector.
Here's a preview.
>> What tech giant has a connected
ecosystem of products, a devoted fan
base, and is constantly innovating? If
you're in the US, you may say Apple, but
in China, it's Xiaomi. It's this
consistent marketing to the younger
consumers in China that has cultivated
kind of a cult following.
>> For many consumers in China, Xiaomi is
Apple, is Tesla, is Google.
>> Now, Xiaomi has managed what Apple
failed to do, build a car.
>> Xiaomi shares have touched a record high
after strong initial orders for its new
$35,000 SUV. So within 3 years, they
managed to set up this very complicated
supply chain in China and essentially
turn out these incredibly popular cars.
Profits have jumped as customers rush to
the company's latest offerings. But
succeeding in the world's most crowded
EV market isn't easy.
>> Competition is really fierce right now.
>> Growth will mean turning Xiaomi into a
global brand. And this is no easy task
when the world's biggest economy is
effectively off limits because of trade
barriers. Yet, Chinese companies are
already tapping markets beyond the US.
So, is Xiaomi on easy street or will it
be a bumpy road to success?
And our subscribers of course can watch
the documentary in full right now. It's
on the Bloomberg terminal. It's also on
bloomberg.com if you happen to be on the
internet. Right. Uh it'll be also up on
the Bloomberg Originals YouTube channel.
Uh later on, let's stay the tech theme,
but to a Bloomberg scoop now. So you
have Meta hiring Apple AI executive
Frank TR to join its super intelligence
labs. He's the latest Apple engineer
that Meta has poached even as they of
course slow their recruitment overall.
Mark German who broke the story and
joins us from LA right now. Mark,
fantastic piece yet again. How does this
then sort of change uh the AI strategy
of Meta here? And what do we know
exactly about this new addition?
>> Apple.
>> Yeah. Well, Apple has been bleeding
talent to Meta. They've lost now upwards
of six senior AI model related engineers
and executives over the last two months
uh to the social network. For Meta, it's
very clear because of this hire that
they're working on AI infrastructure,
which means they're wanting to optimize
cloud compute. Uh we reported as well
Meta and Google Cloud signed a $10
billion deal. So what you're probably
going to see here with this Frank
Chuhire is more optimization uh for how
to use that cloud infrastructure and
maybe the development of Meta's own
cloud infrastructure. uh you're seeing
someone here who has a lot of experience
training in-house models and he would go
along nicely with all the uh large
language models engineers that the
social network has hired in recent
months as well.
>> Yeah. And so Mark, but they've also been
slowing uh AI hiring. How does it
dovetail into that sort of separate
conversation or are we reading too much
into that?
>> Well, they've paused uh hiring for super
intelligence labs. that's sort of their
core intelligence group, the the one
that you see them offering multi-million
dollar pay packages uh to join, but
they're making business critical hires,
right? So, they haven't stopped hiring.
They haven't stopped investing. Uh so,
this is a business critical hire uh in
their view, and I would expect uh
several more actually.
>> Okay. Well, Mark, looks like you have
lots of uh busy weeks ahead. Fantastic.
We'll wait. We'll wait for an update.
Mark German. Fantastic as always. Mark
German there, our managing editor
covering Apple and consumer tech joining
us um out of LA. About we'll take a
short break. 21 minutes into the session
here. Shangh, we're still waiting to hit
that 3,800 level. We did get extremely
close to it and we're about 18 points
short. We're still up a third of 1%
going into the Friday session. Plenty
more ahead.
[Music]
Welcome back. Uh check for markets, a
check of markets right now. Individual
stocks we're tracking again. We're in
the thick of earning season. We got a
beat auto leaning and as you can see 8
and a half% to the upside uh in the
first 20 minutes of trades. Haven't
looked at volume yet, but I would
imagine of course volume is spiking of
course on the back of these sort of uh
regular cadence events. That's a
reference to earnings, of course, just
trying to sound fancy. Um, Minisaw,
okay, this stock is up the most uh since
December of last year. I think we had an
18% pop back in December. Uh, we're now
looking at the high since about Feb.
That's also an earnings story. And you
have Jeff and Goldman lifting their
respective price targets uh for the
stock itself. So, we'll see what happens
with this over the next few days or so.
Huah Hong Semi that this is a chips
conversation taking place. And as you
can see, this overall tide is uh rising
as uh Nvidia again, the latest of really
what's been a consistent theme of um
maybe H20 not being so much a challenge
in China, but an opportunity of course
to fill that gap. And SMIC is up about
4%. Uh Cambercon Tech, which is by the
way a really a stock that's been on fire
this year uh in the entree markets. And
just to wrap things up here before we
move on is a look at earnings coming
through later today with the likes of
Veno and some of the other names you see
uh on your screens as well. Right now
coming up uh we'll be taking a stock of
eco rates and everything in between with
way out of soften chief economist
joining us soon on that. Plus we'll get
you an update on the Nvidia story. We'll
see what happens in Japan with yields
moving up there. So yeah, plenty more to
discuss. We'll have a lot more on the
way in the second hour of the China
Show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show this morning. Taking a look at the
CSI 300 half an hour into the session.
Look, we have started to just continue
to build into the session so far. We're
only half a percent higher, but there's
clearly a theme that's playing out this
morning. You're seeing that really
reflected so far in the chip stocks for
instance, uh that that are always the
big beneficiary. You have any bad news
about Nvidia. It's a positive for those
mainland plays.
>> Yeah, we're seeing that really play out
across those names specifically with
SMIC. And of course, I know you will you
cart the story early on. We'll talk more
about that with Steve that's point and
that's major market theme. Uh number
one, the other thing we're tracking
obviously is the broader rally in the
Asia market. this liquiditydriven rally
which Morgan Stanley who joined us
earlier on in the show says can continue
through the summer. Uh and they're
suggesting in terms of any specific
leading indicator to watch they say
watch margin debt as a ratio as a
percentage of total turnover and market
cap. So it's still at stable levels.
Once it gets a little bit too high then
maybe have this risk of authorities
coming in and maybe taming uh the
speculative rush into into the markets.
And of course, there's also the Fed
conversation going into Jackson Hole
where you have strong data on US
manufacturing helping trim those bets to
about 70 75% probability of a rate cut
in September. And to the point that some
of the Fed speakers are making
overnight, Fed Goulsby said that
September is a live meeting. Uh Beth
Hammock I believe said that she wouldn't
be in favor of a rate cut if the rates
uh setting meeting happened tomorrow
which I guess still underscores the
divide right now given where you are
with inflation remaining on the hotter
side of things but again a cooling labor
market and then you have manufacturing
which we got a reminder overnight did
did quite well but yeah the Nvidia story
is something to certainly talk about and
I believe this is going to dominate
markets these next few hours.
>> Yeah it's it's it's a really significant
one. I mean, H20 is the chip that they
designed specifically for the mainland
market. And what's really interesting as
well, and I think Steve's going to get
into it, so I don't want to take too
much away from him, but just is around
how this is something that was first
really being restricted on the US side.
It seems like maybe that's more from the
China side, but let's like just bring in
Steve now, our chief of Asia
correspondent with us here this morning.
So, Steve, talk us through. I mean, what
are the sort of big takeaways right now?
Well, the biggest takeaway right now is
we were getting some headlines out of
Taipei where Jensen Huang, the CEO, is
speaking and I was like, please
reporters asking them about this, right?
So, there's
>> do your job.
>> Do do your job is but there's been no
headline about whether uh that story
from the information uh that there's
been basically an order to part
suppliers to the H20 chip uh to stop uh
supplying basically a production halt.
TSMC already been uh you know resump had
resumed production of that because if
you take us back a month is when Jensen
Hong had gone to the White House uh got
the White House to approve essentially a
resumption of the H20 chips to China,
the AI, some would call it a more
watered down version of the most
advanced AI accelerators from Nvidia to
China. And then there was a flood of
orders from Chinese companies. uh but
what we've seen since then obviously uh
from the reports from the cyerspace
administration of China the CAC uh the
NDRC uh the national development reform
commission also the ministry of industry
and information uh technology MIIT uh
essentially
encouraging if not ordering Chinese
domestic companies to not buy the H20.
Uh so a complete back and forth uh you
know whipssawing back and forth and
sentiment towards the H20 which of
course was initially banned by the Trump
administration as you mentioned uh Bell
back in April. So there's been a lot of
back and forth on this. Now we need to
see whether Jensen Hong actually can
confirm uh that you know inventories are
are piling up at Samsung. They they
provide the high bandwidth memory uh
components to these AI chips. uh also
Amcore technology which does the
advanced packaging. Uh the reports from
the information is the inventories have
been piling up because China has stopped
ordering and now the report is that
Nvidia has told them to essentially
stop. So again, uh, uh, Jensen Hong
right now saying he's going to TSMC to
go talk to them about the Reuben
architecture, which is the the next
generation beyond Blackwell when Hopper,
Blackwell, and now it's going to be
Reuben. Uh, but again, I'm sure he's
going to be talking to him as well about
the production lines for the H20, which
looks, according to the reports right
now, is going to be suspended or slowed
down because of slowing Chinese orders
for that. They have security issues. Uh
they're obviously worried about backdoor
issues uh for that chip. Uh keep in mind
the Trump administration secured 15%
revenue commission uh basically um
payments on all those H20 chips. So the
Chinese government is not only insulted
by some of the comments from Howard
Lutnik who says we're not selling them
our best chips. We're not selling
selling them even our second best or our
third best. And the reports are the
Chinese ministries that I mentioned are
upset about that. But they're also
concerned about possible back doors in
the H20. That sensitive Chinese data
could go to the United States. Jensen
Hong did address that today, saying
there is no there are no back doors.
There is no national security threat
with the H20 going to China.
>> If he doesn't comment on this today or
the next few days, this is probably
going to come up. If not, likely will
come up at at the earnings call, which
is in about a week's time.
>> Yeah, I would bet somebody is going to
ask them on the earnings call next week.
uh August 28th, Thursday next week,
Friday our our time, we're going to get
quarterly earnings from Nvidia. Uh and
it's interesting to how this will play
into uh the calculation of forward
earnings and forward guidance. Already
price targets have been raised by some
nine very influential analysts. Uh but
again, one of them put out a report on
August 18th. CJ Muse of Cander
Fitzgerald said, "China is already
derisked in street modeling and the goal
here is to get China to build on
Nvidia's platform." Well, wow. A lot has
changed in just a few days since that
report came out. So, how much does this
change that street modeling uh for
sales? Because Jensen Hong has talked at
length about how important the Chinese
market is and how much revenue takes a
hit for not having the H20. And also
we're gonna, you know, the analysts need
to ask him as well about the next
generation of chips uh based on the
Blackwell Pro 6000 architecture um that
was supposedly to go to China as well.
>> Steve, thank you so much. Stephen Angel,
our chief North Asia correspondent.
Let's get the context and markets with
Mark Cranfield with us right now um out
of Singapore. Mark, it's not as if tech
was doing well going into today. I mean,
some softness going into Jackson Hole. I
think S&P was down five straight days
going into this morning, but this is yet
another reason perhaps to look at this
uh cohort that's coming under pressure.
How do you see this?
>> Yeah, I mean, as as you've just been
discussing there with with Steven, I
mean, you think the the risk is next
week when Nvidia has their earnings, but
it's already happening right now. If
they don't if investors don't get
clarification in the next few hours
about what's happening with these chips,
then you're probably going to see a fair
amount of weakness in the European
markets when they they start happening
later today. As Bel was saying, what's
bad for Nvidia is good for the local
Chinese tech companies. So, we're seeing
some improvement in the big names there
early this morning. Well, that's going
to be on the flip side. That's negative.
You're going to probably see NASDAQ
futures trade a bit more poorly,
particularly once Europe gets going. and
they tend to be the ones that push this
around in advance of the US markets. So
what probably people were thinking is
going to be a relatively quiet day ahead
of Jackson Hole. It may well be a busy
day in the tech market because people
will be already concerned that Nvidia's
got this big results coming out next
week. Now there's clouds over this H20
chip and the whole thing will be brought
forward. So people who are looking to be
defensive may well decide, well, I'll be
I'll do that right now. I won't wait
until next week. I'll just get out of
the way. Plus, next week is a poor
liquidity week. It's the week leading
into Labor Day holidays. Notoriously one
of the worst weeks for market liquidity
in the US in terms of Wall Street
because it's the last holiday week in
the school season. So, all in all, if
you're a people person who's a little
bit nervous here ahead of Jackson Hole,
today's your day for getting out of risk
and it may well be the tech sector that
takes it on the chin.
>> Yeah. Yeah, on that point, I mean, you
mentioned Jackson Hole. Of course,
JPAL's speech coming up later today is
going to be extremely closely tracked,
but we heard overnight it seems like the
Fed is really having a lot of difficulty
here figuring out whether they need to
cut or not.
>> Yeah, I if you're if you're an investor
and you've been watching the newswires
for the last few hours, you've had at
least four Fed speakers already. You've
got Jack Jerome Pal coming up later
today at Jackson Hole itself. There'll
probably be a few other Fed speakers as
well because the whole team is there all
wanting to be interviewed and they're
flipping back and forth between
different kinds of views. Some are on
the fence, some are not. It looks as
though it's going to be a really split
decision. However, there is one more
jobs report to come before the Fed sit
down. If the unemployment rate ticks up
to 4.3, you can bet the market will go
fullblown for a 25 basis point cut in
September. They may even push beyond.
they may start looking for a 50 basis
point cut. It really all comes down to
where that unemployment rate is. It
ticked up to 4.2. We saw the market
carnage last year when it dropped to 4
when it rose to 4.3. If we see another
4.3 on the unemployment rate, it will be
odds on as far as the market is
concerned that September is going to be
at least a 25 cut, maybe even more.
That was our Bloomberg Mive strategist
there, Mark Granfield, joining us this
morning. And just some updates as well
that are coming through this morning
because we have the Shanghai Corporation
uh or organization rather that summit is
going to be held from August 31 to
September 1. And we're getting some
alerts this morning from China saying
that Narendra Modi also President Putin
and also the the Bellarusian president
as well Alexander Lucenko will be
attending that event. Uh, China is also
saying that she will announce new
measures to support that organization's
development, but we'll get more details
on that ahead, Dave.
>> Yep, absolutely. In fact, we'll we'll
talk more about that, a preview of the
weekend coming through. Plus, of course,
China's president telling his government
to pay its bills on time or risk a
public backlash. More on this warning
over debt delays just ahead here in CH.
Plus, plenty more. We'll look at macro
next gen as well. This is the China
Show. Happy Friday.
[Music]
I don't see any um any chance that
there's a nod toward a September cut or
any promise of a September cut.
>> The caution I would give if they do move
in September, uh I don't think that's
the start of a cycle. I think it's an
individual decision. them will wipe the
slate clean and take the next 6 weeks
try to understand these crossurrens
again.
>> I think they're modestly restrictive.
I'm still trying to find ways what's
what's being inhibited in the economy
from where our policy rate is today. Uh
but I I think we're on a good path
>> for sure. It feels to me like it's a
live meeting. uh as you know before
April 2nd before we got some
uncertainties coming on the policy side
I believed that we had pretty stable
full employment that inflation's coming
down to target
there we go if only they had one
consistent line there we wouldn't have
anything to talk about certainly giving
us um more responsibility here as
responsible financial journalists really
discuss and dissect where the Fed's
going to go in the live meeting uh
coming through in about September 18th.
It's about uh 20 or so uh days from now.
Well, let's get a sense right now of
what the markets and economists think of
the Fed's path. Joining us here is we
head of research, chief economist, APAC
at Sockgen. Good morning. Nice to see
you.
>> Yeah, good morning. It's good to be
here.
>> September's live for the Fed. You think
they're going to cut?
>> Well, it is live. We agree. Um but you
know, as the Fed has keep saying
everyone is like they're watching the
data, right? So they watch inflation. We
still have very some very important
data. We haven't seen the employment,
the inflation, they will definitely be
very critical for this decision. Um the
Jackson Hall, you know, I I think it's
probably not wrong for the market to be
bit more cautious now to scale back some
expectation because yeah, still uh still
the decision is not final. Um and it's
also very probably not going to be the
case. You know, power will commit to one
way or another, right? Why why remove
your own option before you know before
the evidence important ones?
>> It is sort of shaping up though that
you're sort of seeing it inflation or
signs of inflation accelerating. The
labor market looks to be decelerating.
It's a dual mandate. So which one do you
think they're going to be more concerned
by?
>> Well, I I guess there is a lot of uh you
know concern partly is about history,
right? We we had a history in the 70s
80s uh in the end if inflation is out of
control you just have to tighten policy
even even though the economy is weak of
course we're not really there stagnation
but uh uh this risk is is not removed um
so so you know I I think you know the
whole experience with the tariff is a
very humbling experience for all the
economists and everyone is that we're
basically running experiment to see that
okay what exactly is going to be the
tariff impact on you know economy And
inflation there are a lot of things that
prediction that has not panned out you
know in terms of how inflation can be.
It may still indeed be delayed but then
the argument would be does it make sense
to act based on the evidence now then
you know then be nimble and ready to
change mind later right so that might be
the question here
>> yeah it's to your point it's almost
behavior right you don't know when
companies specifically are going to pass
that on and then you just
>> have to act when if and when that
happens where we do have some evidence I
wonder if you could share insights is
into trade data coming through across
the region exports numbers the recent
months what what is that entire data set
telling you now about where exports will
be in in the months ahead
>> yeah indeed it actually has been very
fascinating to watch all these data to
economists I have to say so we've done
some research recently we're looking at
you know the front loading question
>> it's very interesting that uh basically
there are only three things being
frontloaded gold it happened for two
months that that's gone pharmaceutical
and electronics all right for
pharmaceutical electronics we're still
waiting for the 232 investigation
results
So when that hits this probably is going
to end and electronics is the one matter
for the entire Asia region and by
estimate this part of frontloading we
think it's about 10 to 15% of the entire
export of Asia in the first half uh
maybe until July. So this will go away
but then you look at Taiwan data in July
uh it was still very strong not just
their directory to US but also to the
region. So is China right? China the
direction to the US actually pretty
weak. It crash and and very little
recovery. It's the in probably the
indirect supply chain demand on the
electronics that's supporting China and
some of the Taiwan strengths which means
this trade may still have like one or
two months left to go. Right.
>> Yeah. Exports at least from China seem
to to your point have kind of remained
resilient for now. But what do you think
happens about the the China plus one
model and how does that sort of shape up
as well? That is a very big question
now. And uh and actually we start to
wonder maybe the new tariff regime from
Trump may not really put China in much
more disadvantage here because it was
only China. Everybody knows China is a
target. Now everybody gets tariff right
and the tariff on China plus one is
seems like minimum 20%. So that
significantly closed the price gap sort
of with with with China it was 14 140
and 10 now it's 30 30 and 20 um so so
that gap is smaller then you look at how
Trump have been waging this tariff war
is that any moment for any reason not
exactly related to economics he can
impose tariff on some country right so
we add this volatility factor into the
tariff regime
>> then for a companies like why do I even
need to border and move things around
again
>> right so that is becoming a very
important question if this thing is not
going to settle I wonder maybe something
just going to stay in China it may not
really make China worse here
>> yeah and in three years right to your
point he's not going to be there anymore
right so we don't know what that's going
to look like and you know I kind of feel
bad for economists right because you
guys get these questions these
non-economic related questions right um
the I was looking at the calendar it's
actually now 11 months since that big
bazooka briefing out of the PBOC in
September right
>> of last year. Where do you think the
economy is now?
>> So, uh the economy had some good
momentum at the beginning of the year,
right? Then the tariff war hit. It's
interesting that you know the
consequence from this tariff so far is
very surprising. It's not bad for the
exports. Actually, exports have been
good for the reason we just discussed
>> but it's actually the domestic
sentiment. Housing weaken again, right?
So, you look at the housing sector, it's
definitely worse than where it was. It's
every month seems to be still getting
bit worse and then the July data was
just very clear that you know the
investment demand weakened across the
board credit demand across the board
consumption really only supported by
subsidy not not much else. So so we're
basically again back to where we are is
the domestic economy needs a lot of
help. the policy makers, they do have
the intention to, but it seems that
they're still kind of maybe waiting for
timing or maybe need more pressure to
act more decisively. That seems to be
where we are, it seems.
>> I mean, we had sort of those
expectations and they failed to appear
for big bang stimulus. What has sort of
been the bigger policy shift we've seen
of late is that anti-involution
campaign, but is that really going to
have any impact you think on ending that
sort of deflationary that broader
deflationary mindset? Yeah, first I what
I read from that is a it's a good
signal. It's a good signal showing that
the Chinese policy maker understand
deflation is bad. It's it's bad for many
many reason right so it's bad because it
it hurts the fiscal resource you have
deflation how can you you know build
your fiscal resource uh and support
economy on a sustainable basis and it's
bad because it also hurts China's kind
of vision to dominate supply chain
because companies they don't make money
so how can they last or innovate so so
that is speaks that speaks to the sense
of urgency which is needed then the
question is the method right uh telling
companies not to low prices. We all know
it's not going to work. Uh it's a
temporary measure at best. Maybe it is
indeed just a temporary tactics. Um the
more sustainable solution will be supply
side consolidation, especially for some
very uh for for some sectors, you know,
the whole solar uh supply chain, the
EVs, you know, these sectors, no matter
how you boost demand, it doesn't address
the issue because there's too much
supply. But those are not government
controlled though unless you in 2015 it
was steel capacity ses but these are
private enterprises. How do you
accelerate consolidation?
But how can China have end up so with so
much capacity dominating world right we
all talk about there's industry policy
at play right so you have to be
consistent if it's true they're private
companies but they've got a lot of help
from local government central government
everybody now you know it's a question
that for example when we think about
this consolidation question there are
two ways to do it you can do it like you
know right now we have this
interestingly the the the the the solar
kind of upstream supply you know cartel
forming up but you can also just let the
market mechanism play out the weakers go
out right but you need to kind of
balance the economic pressure with the
pace of the supply consolidation here
yeah
>> yeah certainly some mixed messages Sarah
that's uh that's way out there head of
research and chief economist for APAC at
Sociot thanks so much for joining us and
enjoy your weekend as well we said no
typhoon hopefully we can spend some time
outside we'll have plenty more ahead
this is Bloomberg
[Music]
Well, in some world news this morning, a
New York appeals court has struck down a
$464 million penalty against President
Trump and his company. The panel upheld
findings that Trump inflated asset
values, but called the fine excessive.
Attorney General Leticia James says her
office will challenge the ruling. The
decision eases Trump's legal troubles,
adding to other cases dropped since his
re-election.
And President Trump has hinted that he's
open to Ukraine launching more attacks
on Russia. That's as the White House
seeks to pressure President Putin into a
meeting with Ukraine's leader. In a true
social post, Trump wrote that it's hard
to win a war without attacking the
invader's country. He later told Newsmax
we'll know in about two weeks where the
peace can be achieved. The Kremlin so
far remains non-committal on any summit
with Ukraine's president.
Secretary of State Marco Rubio says the
US will immediately pause issuing worker
visas for commercial truck drivers. In a
post on X, he says the increasing number
of foreign drivers operating large
tractor trailer trucks on US roads is
endangering American lives and
undercutting the livelihoods of American
truckers.
>> All right, let's have a look at these
markets. About an hour into the session
here. Shanghai comp, we've been waiting
for 38 and as you can see, we've been
bobbing and weaving just below that
specific level. Keep an eye on turnover
again today. We've been north of two
trillion a day for about seven days now.
So, we're about an hour into the
session. I'll get you an update on
turnover uh in a moment. Uh earnings, we
can set that theme aside, but I can tell
you there's a lot of big earnings coming
through and reaction leaning mini saw.
But the other big theme across these
markets is the reaction in the chip
space, positive one quite clearly and
consistently as you can see on your
screens in the A&H share market. That's
on this Nvidia uh story of uh it's
looking to halt or slow production of
its H20 chips. on some of its suppliers
according to the information right on
the other side of this break and we'll
take a short one we'll have a look at
Japan the inflation numbers coming
through there the prospects for a rate
hike coming through not a single not a
full one is price in fact this year you
get a full pricing by January out of the
BOJ inflation though fell but came in
above expectations on core CPI we'll
unpack that and of course this meltup in
yields that we've seen in the JGB market
that's all ahead this This war
[Music]
11:29 a.m. this morning in Tokyo.
Japanese markets are just about to go
into their break. You've got the Nic 225
sitting flat this morning, but I don't
really think that's much of a surprise
when you've got Jackson Hole. You've got
liquidity thin trading next week with a
lot of holidays as well. So ahead of
that, we're really just of course
assessing is the Fed really ready to
hike. September very much a live meeting
and you can add to that as well. Uh we
had the inflation figures out in Japan
this morning as well and we saw still
some pretty sticky price pressure. So
we're watching JGBs and the yen of
course.
>> Yeah. I mean the risk for markets to the
point you were making there, right? So
we're hoping that J Powell gives
clarity, but how much clarity can he
actually give? I mean we could find
ourselves in the same boat this time
next week, right? is there's certainly
no upside to committing 100%. It's it's
a delicate balancing act. How does he
strike not so much a complete uh uh
commitment to a cut but also not walk
back what the market's been pricing as
well? And maybe the nuance is going to
be the important thing there. Um if
you're still up at 10 p.m. tonight,
certainly we're not going to be. Um send
us a note. Yeah, let us
>> 10 p.m. My gosh, you must go to bed
early.
>> I am in bed by 8:30 at night. My my eye
bags probably don't tell you that, but I
can tell you I am a very boring person
recently.
>> All right. Early bird.
>> Well, recently the last 5 years or so.
It's actually nice to get in bed at a
decent hour. You're
>> It is. You do feel very rested the next
day. Anyway, uh let's let's move on. So,
the big story this morning in the tech
space, and I think you can see that
reflected there, that it is a little bit
high here. That's probably going to be a
lot of those Chinese chip mains that
that really benefit when stories like
this cross the terminal. But this is
reporting from the information.
Essentially, Nvidia has asked suppliers
to halt work on H20 chips. Let's get
more on this now. Bring in our Bloomberg
intelligence senior tech analyst, Robert
Lee. So, Robert, let just some context
here. I mean, we know the H20, this is
the chip that was designed for the
Chinese market. Trump banned sales of it
to China. He reversed that. Now, it
seems like China is actually asking
companies to not buy the chips as well.
>> Yes, that's right. the ongoing saga of
the H20. But sort of taking a step back
from the news and the headlines, the
direction of travel I think is is being
very clear and that is China. One of
China's main strategic aims is to pursue
self-sufficiency in the technology
sector for all sorts of reasons. I mean
one of them being the US is obviously a
major geopolitical rival. Uh and also
from a Chinese perspective has been
proved proven to be an unreliable
partner. So I think that's one reason
and then the second reason being that
China is looking to the high-tech sector
as a driver of future economic growth to
uh with new productive forces a shift uh
away from maybe the um you know previous
reliance on investment spend looking to
high-tech as a driver of future GDP
growth. So that's the sort of backdrop
to all of this and then we've seen these
as I say ongoing saga which I think is
the best way to describe it. You know is
H20 on is it off? I think it was a week
ago um there were some uh stories coming
from China or or or unconfirmed reports
that the government was encouraging
local AI companies to use uh the locally
derived Huawei product and now we've
seen this story that is reported in the
information which seems to be confirming
that and then Invidia well allegedly
taking action in response to that. So I
think in the long run, China is going to
continue to drive self-sufficiency aims
within tech. They're continue to
encourage their AI companies to use
locally derived chips. Um and I think
what does that mean for the likes of
Alibaba and uh um Tencent? Obviously
there have been some bottleneck and
disruption on the chip side but on
balance given their existing inventory
of supply given the rising supply from
local suppliers like Huawei then net net
they should be on track to continue
their AI developments.
>> Well speaking of AI the the way our
headline is written in Quao is Quaisho's
revenue beat underscores its AI
potential.
Yes, which is uncharacteristically
positive written by me. I think that was
>> I was hoping you'd pick up on that.
Thank you for doing so.
>> I would say I you know I I like to
approach things in my view in a rational
point of view. I think the monetization
it remains a major challenge for the AI
software companies. Um, but I think what
we saw from Quao last night, uh, which
has developed a text to, uh, video
engine called cling, we're actually
seeing, it's early days still, but we're
seeing a reasonable level of, uh,
monetization coming through. I think for
the quarter they just reported, they um,
generated 250 uh, million raimi in sales
and last quarter it was 150. So, it's
all moving in the right direction, but I
would say remains a low level. So that's
quite encouraging and I think the
conclusion of all of that is if people
are going to make money in crude terms
in AI obviously it's clearly on the
NVIDIA side the infrastructure side the
companies providing the chips and the
cloud computing services that their
clients need to develop these models but
the real money or the greater prospect
is in the AI applications um rather than
the large language models because again
in a China context there are more than
500 large language models in the country
at the moment the sector is completely
commoditized. It makes it very very
difficult for anybody to make money uh
developing large language models. But
using those models to develop new
software at least, you know, we're
seeing potential light at the end of the
tunnel that, you know, value added AI
applications that consumers or
businesses,
you know, recognize the value in can
generate real revenue. So I think that's
a early days um but an encouraging sign.
>> Billy Billy, we haven't talked about
Billy Billy. Billy Billy. I think again
it's coincidental we're talking about
two of the most interesting sort of
midcap names in the China internet
space. Billy Billy is really well
positioned um with the Gen Z cohort. Um
they're a go-to platform for that.
They're previously they've been referred
to as the YouTube of China just to give
people some background if they're not
familiar with the company but their
advertising is growing at you know 20%
plus which in this environment is you
know really decent stuff. The issue
though for Billy Billy is that they have
had an inconsistent track record on
video games. Um they have one main title
at the moment called San Mo. It's done
quite well in China. They were looking
to expand that internationally and it
appears that that's been delayed. I
think that's why you're seeing some
profit taking on the stock today. Um but
I think you know it's a very interesting
name given advertisers will spend their
dollars. Where consumer eyeballs are
that's short videos that's Gen Z who
have a greater propensity to spend. So
the likes of Quaisho should continue to
do well in ads and 10 cent in contrast
to BYU which we saw earlier this week.
Um not picking on BYU but their ads were
down 15% year-over-year and then poor
old wave war as well you know 1 or 2%
annual growth. These are legacy
platforms. So again advertisers are only
going to spend where they see the scope
to generate return. Um and quaish is
very well positioned um as is Billy
Billy.
>> It's quite remarkable really when you
sort of compare on that ad revenue
metric but you do seem positive on both
companies. So do you have a preference
between them?
>> I think on balance qua is uh probably
the more interesting of the two again
with this emerging strength um on the AI
side. Um just again to give a balance
view obviously AI is a very expensive
business there's a heavy level of
development spend their margins uh did
come below expectations in Q1 but again
I think the the strong rebound we saw in
Q2 gives confidence that things are
getting back on track and also the other
thing that quish has got going for them
is they have emerging strength in the
live streaming e-commerce sector
>> so this is essentially they're a live
streaming platform uh they are a host to
various uh so-c calledled KS or key
opinion leaders. These are the
influencers in an Asian context. These
are people who are live streaming
pushing various products and quaish, you
know, in crew terms gets a cut of that
revenue. So the live streaming
e-commerce business has done very well.
So they've got two potential drivers
there. As I said, in contrast, Billy
Billy's ads is doing really well. Live
streaming, sorry, the their the main
video platform is doing well, but
they're a bit inconsistent on the game
side. So relatively I think there's less
risk with quaisho and two distinct
drivers of their earnings going forward.
So on balance I think that's the more
interesting name.
>> And is there a consistent takeaway then
as far as what this means for the sector
as a whole?
>> Yes I still think on the AI side
monetization remains a major challenge
for most companies. Again if you're
developing large language models as I
said it's commoditized in China very
very difficult to monetize but the money
is clearly on the infrastructure side.
So obviously Huawei is a private
company. It's not an investable
opportunity. Uh but but obviously they
would be benefiting from that. I think
forwarding to next week we'll see
Alibaba report on Friday. Obviously
there's been a lot of very high
expectations with them on the cloud
side. We'll wait to see what they say.
But I think the real risk on Alibaba is
whil seeing revenue growth on cloud that
is AIdriven there's a huge amount of
competition and margin pressure. And if
you remember from last quarter their
cloud margins actually missed
expectations. Plus, Alibaba has a huge
amount of pressure on the e-commerce
side. You saw JD.com disappoint
recently.
>> So, I think, you know, AI is is clearly,
you know, the way to go.
>> Yeah. And yeah, fantastic. Thank you so
much, Robert Leer, our Bloomberg
Intelligent senior tech analyst. And
that takes us into the humanoid robot
conversation, right? And I think if you
think Belle and I look the same what
we're wearing today, wait until you see
this cohort of of friends that we have
here at screens. have a look at the
future lineup of our replacements
basically.
>> Exactly.
>> This is a fantastic graphic though.
>> Yeah. Made by one of our colleagues of
course and the production team but but
we can just take a look at really some
of the standouts in the space. I think
if there's a name that really jumps out
it's Uni of course they're really one of
the big leaders but Ubitech that's a
listed company here in Hong Kong. Agibot
I mean Robotics really it's that big
competition who can win in the Chinese
market. It's very far from settled. But
we had the the tech show this morning uh
uh and this episode looking at the
humanoids market, why we're seeing such
intense competition in China and as well
how they're looking to lead the world.
But take a listen.
>> It's very likely that human robots are
going to be robots that we can deploy
into uh the world relatively easily.
From labs in Shenzhen to workshops in
Silicon Valley, humanoids are stepping
out of science fiction and into our
reality.
The race is on to dominate the next era
in robotics with companies in Asia and
the US vying to take the lead. China is
seen as a frontr runner with Morgan
Stanley saying the country will have the
highest number of humanoids in use
worldwide by 2050. It's a result of many
years of government support,
advancements in AI, and its strong
manufacturing base that gives it more
than a helping hand.
The market is poised for explosive
growth, with the International
Federation of Robotics noting two
primary reasons for its rise. A chronic
lack of workers combined with aging
labor forces in developed nations. Yet
sales channels are fairly limited so far
with universities and research
institutions currently some of the
biggest buyers. This might seem like
just a gimmick, but the humanoid
companies in China like Uni Tree are
blending tech and entertainment is seen
as a serious path toward
commercialization.
Ultimately, the goal is to bring
humanoids into households with varying
estimates for how long that might take.
I think maybe three or five years the
home robots can do the common things in
my home.
>> We are still a bit far from that because
as you can see right now like the uh
robots cannot perform as in the movies
that we are used to see.
>> It may be decades before humanoids are a
common sight in our homes. On the
factory floor though it's already
becoming a reality. Bloomberg
Intelligence says improving battery life
and efficiency gains in humanoid robots
could make them virtually as cost
effective as human workers by 2035.
That sort of potential is creating
intense competition particularly in
China where concerns are already growing
about overcapacity.
>> We have a humanoid uh robot frenzy here.
Uh everybody try to try to try to break
into the space. I think probably a lot
of these companies are not going to
exist in the 5 years down the road. The
question is whether this level of
interest in humanoids is unhealthy or
the right way for the industry to
develop.
[Music]
>> Well, as we said, uh, humanoids was the
focus of of the tech show today and you
can rewatch that and of course all the
other episodes we've had so far, but on
YouTube at Bloomberg Tech Asia, BTE is
at the end of every month and you can
watch our next episode at the date on
your screen. We'll have more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Time for trending in China
and a look at what's making headlines in
national newspapers. You have state
media outlets have announced a new book
of President Xi Jinping's speeches. The
volume includes she's warning that the
Chinese government's delayed payments to
companies risk undermining people's
trust in authorities. Let's bring in
Minilo, our China correspondent to give
us really more context about when and
what of course the president said here.
>> Yeah, this actually took place back in
February when presidency met with
Jackmar and the other private
entrepreneurs. There was really a
turning point showing the government's
support for the private sector. Right.
But uh Singua the state media news
agency just published the speech in full
in a book and it showed that presidency
at the time had urged the local
government to resolve the aras to
private companies because it could have
an impact on people's confidence in the
government and this comes as you know by
some estimates David Lequ for example
from Tinua University was saying that
the local government owed as much as 10
trillion UN to private companies and to
civil servants and it's equivalent to
about 7% of the GDP last year. So it
shows you that this is an important
issue that the government is paying
attention to and it comes as the Chinese
government had already taken some
actions right from that 10 billion uh 10
trillion UN debt swap program and this
year as well for the first time they
started allowing the issuance of special
purpose bonds to be used to pay a those
were used to be you know reserved only
for infrastructure investment. So again,
it shows the the sort of urgency of this
growing debt burden that local
governments are facing.
>> And another top story in China is
President Xi's visit to Tibet, which I
think is the second time he's been to to
there as as president. What does it
signal to us and what was the message as
well that he had?
>> Yeah. So it is it's quite rare because
he's there for the 60th anniversary of
the founding of Tibet and this is
usually a very routine celebration that
is attended by low-level officials but
this time presidency went and it's the
first time he led a central government
delegation there. He didn't give a
speech but he did mention to local
officials and this was reported by state
media as well. He told local officials
that political stability and religious
harmony are critical to the continued
development of Tibet. And then there was
Wang Hu Ning who is a number four
official in China also gave a speech and
he talked about the importance of
protecting that border in this fight
against separatism and it comes against
this backdrop where uh foreign minister
Wangi just completed this trip to India
right and both India and China just
agreed to continue working out you know
the demarcation of this disputed border
that India shares with Tibet it's always
been a very sensitive area where there
has been you know protests in the past
self- emulation by some of these Chinese
monks. And of course, China and India
have disagreements over who gets the
right to to choose and to uh you know
approve the next Dalai Lama as well. In
fact, Modi last month had sent a
birthday wish to the Dalai Lama. He just
turned 90 years old and that was
something that really upset Beijing. But
it shows you that again, you know, the
Chinese government is seeing it as a
priority to further integrate the
Tibetan region under the Chinese
Communist Party.
>> All right, that's our China
correspondent there, Mim Lo. and we will
have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> It is a important metric to monitor but
we look at the ratio rather than the
absolute amount. We look at margin
financing as a percentage of total free
flow market cap and also margin
financing as a percentage of the daily
trading turnover. So both are still very
stable and below the 2020 level or the
2015 level. So I think immediate
government intervention at this point is
unlikely but we should just monitor all
these factors very closely.
And that was the chief China equity
strategist Morgan Stanley who joined us
earlier and shows Laura Wang there on if
you had to watch one or two things
leading indicator of the market. Those
were the two things she says.
>> All right. Uh leading indicator
sometimes maybe also is pay or is that a
is that a leading or a
>> a late one? But anyway, we'll get to it.
At Chinese brokers because they're
sweetening pay packers for junior
bankers in Hong Kong. Civic securities
rivals are rolling out raises of up to
30%. That's as dealm picks up along with
competition for talent. Let's get more
with our Asia-Pacific deals reporter,
the person as well who leads the team,
but Manuel Bori joining us with the
details. So, what is what's behind this?
>> Yes, Annabelle, that's uh good news, I
guess, after all these years of kind of
like layoffs and uh people not getting
their full bonuses uh in Wall Street.
So, uh, looks like some of the Chinese
banks, uh, in this wave of deal making
where we're seeing a lot of, uh, second
listings in Hong Kong, um, you know, are
kind of trying to retain talent and we
see the likes of Civic Securities, uh,
through CLSA, uh, and also China
Merchants, so the the international uh,
Parongorn are among those that are kind
of like trying to uh, bump uh, salaries
for for um, some of the junior your um
uh bankers. It's not across the board.
Uh we should warn it's not like
everybody's getting a pay raise these
day, but uh but I think in a selective
way uh we are starting to see that which
is a remarkable shift from where we are
coming from.
>> Well, are we then starting to see the
any signs of a talent war?
>> Uh that's a great question, David. I
mean, it could be the next step. You may
recall like four or five years ago, I
think it was around the time of COVID if
I recall correctly, there was this time
wars people like uh every bank industry
was kind of raising for every great
resignation time, wasn't it?
>> Exactly. It it was really a time it was
like everybody was trying to um mirror
what they exactly. So that I don't know
if we'll get to that point and when
exactly it doesn't feel that way yet but
definitely the tide is shifting and
people are a little bit more upbeat. Uh
there is more to do. There is more
business coming through. Uh we'll see at
the year end what it what it translates
into the fee pool. But uh definitely
bankers are busier. Uh Hong Kong is is
back sort of uh on the back of these um
uh you know second listings and some
IPOs, some M&A across AP pack also uh
looking better than last year. So it's
better uh not to the levels that we used
to uh see before but better.
>> Are the are the banks hiring again then
or is it more on the retention side and
and trying to boost pay packets? And
also you're talking about the Chinese
banks. Do we see it for the US banks as
well here?
>> Yes, Anabel. So, uh, of the Western
banks, um, the more consistent ones, um,
in the street hiring over the last two,
three years, I would dare to say it's
been Deutsche Bank and Jeff, they've
been really rebuilding or building out
the platforms here in Apac. All the
other major investment banks have been a
little bit more stable. Uh, so they
haven't had a massive layoffs. They've
been trimming some fat here and there,
but it hasn't been something shocking,
but at the same time, um, we are not
seeing them building out their teams
aggressively either just yet.
>> Manuel, thank you so much. Manuel Bori
there, you can check out their team's
piece. It's on Bloomberg terminal. Uh,
today before we head into head quietly
into the weekend here, a look at markets
that have been waking up. So, you have
CSI 300, the China index actually stand
out today 2.4% 4% to the upside. Uh, and
we're now just I'm obsessing over the
Sanen Pan number 3,800. We're now just
six points uh short of that specific
milestone. And the CSR300 Shenzhen is
also doing quite well going into the the
weekend here.
>> Yeah. And the big uh I mean, firstly,
you've got the the the story that's
really playing into this is the Nvidia
one because you've seen the likes of
SMIC, for instance, up more than 8%
right now. So, of course, that this this
halt on H20 purchases in China benefit
some of these local names, but yeah,
going into the weekend, I mean, there's
there's quite a lot. We can start of
course with the Fed, we got we got J Pal
speaking later today.
>> Yeah, 10 p.m. I think B going to stay up
for that. I'm going to be very well in
bed. Hibboard's coming out in about 20
minutes. An update there. At the close
is the results of the Hen Index review.
And of course, Ronaldo and cohort are in
town in the Super Saudi Super Cup final
here in the city. They get to play under
beautiful weather and we leave you with
a look at that beautiful weather going
into the weekend. Happy Friday, Hong
Kong. This is the China Show.
[Music]